Rafael Silva –rasilva.1986@gmail.com
Date: 2021-04-13
Deadline:2021-04-30(23:55)
Version: 1.0
Testautomation–Assignment 02
This assignment is mandatory and individual.

The assignment is divided and planned for two weeks:

    •Week 16: 
Youwill refactor/re-write your cypress project from week 15. 
You need to clean the code that  you  wrote and  organize  it,  according  to Page-objects.  
Further you will configure your project and so be able to generate test reports out of test runs.

    •Week 17: 
You will add Visual Regression tests as part of your project.

    Rules for submission:
In this assignment, you will create a project with cypress.io,locally on your computer, 
and a remote repository on GitHub.
Your project and your remote repository should be named following the format: 
    testautomation-02-namesurname (E.g.,testautomation-02-rafaelsilva).
    
Host your project at GitHub as a public repository and submit the link to your GitHub 
repository at PingPong, at the submission page for assignment 02. 

Further, in this submission page, you need to send a message where it reads if you 
aim at a pass (G) or a Pass-with-distinction (VG) Grade.

The details for G and VG can be found under Part I. 
The deadline for this assignment is Friday the 30 April 2021 at 23:55. 

Here are some things to consider:
    •You will not be assessed by your skills with Git/Github, so keep it simple.
    •The name of your project + repo is very important. Please, use the format describe above.
    •Your project will be  ready to be run.
        I.e., when  I correct your assignment, I will not need to make any small fix of any kind 
        to be able to run it.
        
    •Please,  read the instructions  below and  make  sure  to  be  finished  with  all  of  them  
    before submitting your work.
    
Part I (Requires the lectures/demos about Page-objects and the lectures/demos about Test reports)

    •Pass (G):
    Your task is to refactor/re-write your code by applying the Page-objects design pattern 
    and, thus, make your code more structured and organized.
    
    Further, your last task in this assignment is that you configure your test project 
    so that you can get test reports out of test runs. 
    
    •Pass-with-distinction (VG):
    If you aim at a pass-with-distinction (VG) grade, your tests should be stable and you 
    need to use random data with the help of faker.js. 
    In order to check if your tests are stable, I will run them 10 times over and expect to 
    get the same test result each time.

Part II (Requires the lectures about Visual Regression Testing with percy.io)
    •You will add  Visual Regression tests as part of your project.
    This requirement is  mandatory, independently 
    if you aim at a pass (G) or a pass-with-distinction (VG) grade.

    NOTE: When you finishPart II, you will submit the link to your remote repository at 
    Ping Pong and a  message that readsif you aim at a  Pass (G) or a 
    Pass-with-distinction (VG) grade. 
    
    Please,  double-check that your solution follows the points
    under Rules for submissionin this document.